[FEATURE] Introduce simple definition file registration (#151)
romm/NotiZ: Documentation/Markdown/Developers/Definition/Advanced-definition-handling.md

# Advanced definition handling

> In some cases you may need to manipulate definition using PHP. To do so, you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases you may need to manipulate the definition using PHP. To do so, you 
```

> will need a definition component service that will allow you adding new sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will need a definition component service that will allow you to add new sources
```
